you know no matter how technically
technologically advanced we get as a
society kids still love potty humor they
still love that that sort of thing and
it isn't limited to games that come in a
box they have apps for this - there's so
many new apps and games out there it's
hard to keep up as an adult so I
recently I convened a focus group of
kids to teach me what they want to teach
me is that was what once was old is now
new again hey guys how's it going good
what do you guys like fart apps fart
apps that's something you like they are
well show me why they're the best go
through and just tell me what's going on
here my favorite one is the number 10 on
this one you have a favorite fart
[Music]
YouTube sometimes you recognize that
fart I do
really sameer you're a real part of
fishy in Ottawa
no my favorite part of this app is if
you look up at the top of the app
there's an ad for best car accident
lawyers what does it you like about
these farts good stuff right there's a
lot of fart apps huh this one I think
costs money one take us through this
what do we have here are two Deepu oh so
it's like star wars farts yeah wait hold
on a second just saw something
disturbing look at this
celebrities fart pack there's the Kimmel
it's actually right on
I'm glad to see that some things doesn't
matter how much technology we get we
didn't have iPads when I was a kid but
we had a whoopee cushion and you'd sit
on it and everyone would laugh mm-hmm
and of course there's always this the
old-fashioned have you ever done it like
this I've tried you like that do you
have to really work at it and but I tell
you what once you get it down it pays
off in a big big way that way if you're
in the forest and you want to make a
fart sound I could but I'd have to lick
my hand and take my shirt off and
probably go to jail yeah thanks good
thanks for showing me too far man it was
that a real wonder it's the chair that
old excuse hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am
NOT allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry